erroneorrrrxss

mre, sor the most part, impertinent310r some'-
thing worse; cautiously avoiding such useful
reflexione, as the nature of the case must sug-
gest, or indulging, by their slatteriea, the im· '
potent tyranny os their prince. And yet no
blame can be fairly charged upon the great poet,
who hath surely represented, in the most strik'-
ing colours, the pernicious charadten whicha
chorus, under such circumstances, would natur·-
rally sustain. The fault rnust therefore sall,
where the poet manifestly intended to throvi it,
on the accursed spirit of despotism3 which ex·
tinguishes, or over-mles, the suggestions of com-
mon sense; kris the very secas of virtue, a'nr
perverts the most sacred and important officei,
such as is that os the chorus, intothe means and
instrumente of vice. The giory, ivhich 'he de- Ι
signed‚ by this representation, to· rededi sipon
the governmeht and policy of his own state, is
‘too glaring to be oyerloolred. And he hath
attsully contrived to counter-ast any ih impres-
srons on* the minds os the peoplc, sromthe'pro*
stituted authority nithe chorus, by charging
thern, iri· the persons of Haemon and Antigone,
with their reas motives and views. In all inss
different things, in which the· paffions or in} Ι
terens of 'their master nere'not concerned, eveh-
this-ch'ords wourd of course preserve amotah ·.

chaiadter. Brit we are to look sor it no further.
· Ver. Ι. L This

 

