nrrossoarnu1n

oussy maintained, be sometimes imputed to the
speakers. Hence the found philosophy os the
chorus will ‘be constantly wanting to redtify the
wrong conclusions os the audience‚ and prevent
the ill impreffions that might otherwise be made
upon it. Nor let any one say, that the audience
is well able to do this sor itself: Euripides did
not find even an Athenian theatre so quick·
sighted. The story is well known [Sen. Ep.
1152] that when this painter of the manners was
obliged, by the rudes of his art, and the charac-
ter to be sustained, to putarun of bold senti·
ments in the mouth of one his persons, the peu*
ple instantly took fite, charging the poet with
the impured villany‚ as though it had been hu
own. Now if such an audience could so easily
misrnterpret an attention to the truth of cha-
raster into the real dotirine of the poet, and this
too, when a chorus was at hand to torre& and

disabul‘e their judgments, what must be the case, .

when the whole is left to the sagacity and pene-
tration of the people? The wiser sort, 'tis true,
have· little need os this information. Yet the

reflexions os sober sense on the course and oc·
currences os the representation, clothed in the
noblest dress of poetry, and inforcedbytht joint
powers osbormony and aetion (which is the true

charadierof the chorus) might make it, even to ,

such, a nonnpleasant or unprofitabie entertain-
”’ Κ 2 ment.

 

